Hello and welcome to the Python and Django full stack web developer boot camp My name is Jose partya
and I will be your instructor for this course I teach over a hundred thousand students on you to me
and also work as a professional program instructor RAF trained some of the top Fortune 500 companies
to use the latest technologies.
I'm excited to finally share a virtual version of my latest iPhone and jingle fool's Mac web development
training course in this course will be covering the entire full stack of web development so you can
build an entire Web site from the ground up.
The Course is designed to be a complete reference and source for you.
Each section is intelligently organized based on topic so regardless of your experience level you can
easily access the information you need whether you're a beginner who will go through the entire course
or a seasoned professional only wants a reference later section.
The Course is designed for you.
Will start off by learning about front and web technologies including him.
CSSA bootstrap javascript and J.A.G..
Afterwards we'll be focusing on learning Python Django and sequel for the backend of our web applications.
Once we feel comfortable using these technologies we'll start building clones of popular Web sites so
you can practice your new skills in a realistic setting.
Each section has an assessment and exercises to practice your new skills so you can always keep your
new abilities sharp.
Of course is packed of content including over 100 video lectures explanatory code references in concept
presentation slides.
You will also get access to our online Q&A forums where thousands of students and I are happy to help
answer any questions you may have along the way.
Upon completion of this course you can get a certificate of completion.
Post on your LinkedIn profile to show off to potential employers.
You can try this course risk free as it comes with 30 day money back guarantee.
Get ready to become a master web developer and launch career to the next level.
Enroll today and I will see you inside the course.
Check out the curriculum page for full information on all the content in the course.